.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md, before:

<!-- READ THIS FIRST:
- If you need additional help with this template please refer to https://www.home-assistant.io/help/reporting_issues/
- Make sure you are running the latest version of Home Assistant before reporting an issue: https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant/releases
- Do not report issues for components here, plaese refer to https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant/issues
- This is for bugs only. Feature and enhancement requests should go in our community forum: https://community.home-assistant.io/c/feature-requests
- Provide as many details as possible. Paste logs, configuration sample and code into the backticks. Do not delete any text from this template!
- If you have a problem with a Add-on, make a issue on there repository.
-->

**Home Assistant release with the issue:**
<!--
- Frontend -> Developer tools -> Info
- Or use this command: hass --version
-->

**Operating environment (HassOS/Generic):**
<!--
Please provide details about your environment.
-->

**Supervisor logs:**
<!--
- Frontend -> Hass.io -> System
- Or use this command: hassio su logs
-->


**Description of problem:**

Commit message:

Update Issue Template
* Updated some outdated wording (Hass.io in sidebar = Supervisor now)
* Updated location of Info panel (moved from Dev Tools to Configuration > Info in 0.112)
* Updated names of some repos
* Minor typos / grammar fixes

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md, after:

<!-- READ THIS FIRST:
- If you need additional help with this template please refer to https://www.home-assistant.io/help/reporting_issues/
- Make sure you are running the latest version of Home Assistant before reporting an issue: https://github.com/home-assistant/core/releases
- Do not report issues for integrations here, please refer to https://github.com/home-assistant/core/issues
- This is for bugs only. Feature and enhancement requests should go in our community forum: https://community.home-assistant.io/c/feature-requests
- Provide as many details as possible. Paste logs, configuration sample and code into the backticks. Do not delete any text from this template!
- If you have a problem with an add-on, make an issue in their repository.
-->

**Home Assistant release with the issue:**
<!--
- Frontend -> Configuration -> Info
- Or use this command: hass --version
-->

**Operating environment (HassOS/Generic):**
<!--
Please provide details about your environment.
-->

**Supervisor logs:**
<!--
- Frontend -> Supervisor -> System
- Or use this command: ha supervisor logs
-->


**Description of problem:**
