.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/BUG_REPORT.md, before:

<!-- READ THIS FIRST:
- If you need additional help with this template please refer to https://www.home-assistant.io/help/reporting_issues/
- This is for bugs only. Feature and enhancement requests should go in our community forum: https://community.home-assistant.io/c/feature-requests
- Provide as many details as possible. Paste logs, configuration sample and code into the backticks. Do not delete any text from this template!
- If you have a problem with an add-on, make an issue in it's repository.
-->

### Describe the issue

<!-- Provide as many details as possible. -->

### Steps to reproduce

<!-- What do you do to encounter the issue. -->

1. ...
2. ...
3. ...

### Enviroment details

<!-- You can find these details in the system tab of the supervisor panel, or by using the `ha` CLI. -->

- **Operating System:**: xxx
- **Supervisor version:**: xxx
- **Home Assistant version**: xxx

### Supervisor logs

<details>
<summary>Supervisor logs</summary>
<!--
- Frontend -> Supervisor -> System
- Or use this command: ha supervisor logs
- Logs are more than just errors, even if you don't think it's important, it is.
-->

```
Paste supervisor logs here

```

</details>

Commit message:

Fix missing metadata in the issue template (#2200)

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/BUG_REPORT.md, after:

---
name: Report a bug with the Supervisor
about: Report an issue related to the Home Assistant Supervisor.
labels: bug
---

<!-- READ THIS FIRST:
- If you need additional help with this template please refer to https://www.home-assistant.io/help/reporting_issues/
- This is for bugs only. Feature and enhancement requests should go in our community forum: https://community.home-assistant.io/c/feature-requests
- Provide as many details as possible. Paste logs, configuration sample and code into the backticks. Do not delete any text from this template!
- If you have a problem with an add-on, make an issue in it's repository.
-->

### Describe the issue

<!-- Provide as many details as possible. -->

### Steps to reproduce

<!-- What do you do to encounter the issue. -->

1. ...
2. ...
3. ...

### Enviroment details

<!-- You can find these details in the system tab of the supervisor panel, or by using the `ha` CLI. -->

- **Operating System:**: xxx
- **Supervisor version:**: xxx
- **Home Assistant version**: xxx

### Supervisor logs

<details>
<summary>Supervisor logs</summary>
<!--
- Frontend -> Supervisor -> System
- Or use this command: ha supervisor logs
- Logs are more than just errors, even if you don't think it's important, it is.
-->

```
Paste supervisor logs here

```

</details>
